W-16588651 AEH PBV release jh (#52)
mulesoft/docs-api-experience-hub: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-users.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> View and manage users, access requests from guest users, create and manage user groups, and manage how users login. By default, users can self-register for your portal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View and manage users, access requests from guest users, create and manage user groups, and manage how users log in. By default, users can self-register for your portal. 
```

== Manage Portal Members
Manage portal members using the *Portal members* page. When a guest user's registration is approved, the user's name is added to the list of members. You can view a searchable list of current members and manage their accounts by enabling or disabling them and adding them to user groups.

=== View and Search for Members 
Find members by entering the member's name or email address in the *Search by name or email* box. 

=== Enable or Disable Access to Your Portal
When a user's access to the portal is approved in the *Pending registration requests* page, the *Enable portal access* slider is enabled in the *Portal members* page. Disable a user's access by moving the slider to off.

=== Assign Members to User Groups
Assign users to user groups to manage which APIs they can see in your portal. You can assign a user to multiple user groups or change user groups.

. From the *Portal members* page, locate the member's name in the list and click *View and assign user groups*.
. Select one or more user groups and click *Apply*.

== Manage Pending Registration Requests

> Use the *Pending registration requests* page to approve or reject requests for users who registered to access the portal. You can view the user's name, email, registration date, and registration status of the users who register for access. By default, users are assigned to the Members profile. You can add them to the available user groups that can see specific APIs in the portal. The maximum pending user registration requests is 500.

Reviewer: Can you flip this to be user task first?

When the registration is approved, the user is removed from the list on the *Pending registration requests* page and added to the list of members on the *Portal members* page. 

If the registration is rejected, the user is removed from the list and can't log in and access the portal.

=== Approve or Reject Member Registration

> After a guest user registers for an account using self-registration, approve or reject the requests and assign the user to user groups. All users who self-register are assigned as members. You can assign member users to multiple user groups.

Reviewer: on line 24, you say "assigned to the Members profile". Is this different? If not, can you use the same terminology?

. Click *Pending registration requests*.
. To find a user, enter the user's name or email in the *Search by name or email* box.
. To assign the user to a user group:
.. Click *Members* and select one or more user groups.
.. Click *Apply*.
. Click *Approve* or *Reject*.

> == Manage User Groups

Reviewer: These H3 sections are all super short. I wonder if there's a way to streamline into a DL or something.

> Manage user groups using the *User groups* page to create and manage a group of users who can see specific APIs in your portal.   

Reviewer: Flip? 

To create..., manage... in the ...page

=== Create User Groups

> Create groups of users who can see specific APIs in the portal.

Reviewer: To create.... portal:

> Create groups of users who can see specific APIs in the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create groups of users who can see specific APIs in the portal:
```

. From the *User groups* page, click *Create user group*.
. Enter a name for the group and an optional description.
. Click *Save*.

=== Delete User Groups

> Delete user groups you don't need. Before deleting a user group, remove all users,  APIs, and the visibility for all API instances assigned to the user group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete user groups you don't need. Before deleting a user group, remove all users, APIs, and the visibility for all API instances assigned to the user group. 
```

To delete a user group, from the *User groups* page, select a user group and click *Delete user group*.

=== Map User Groups to External Identity Providers

> For users of a user group to log in to your portal using SSO, map the user group to an existing external identity provider. To avoid login issues, ensure you use the same group name and identity provider name configured for the identity provider. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To let users of a user group log in to your portal using SSO, map the user group to an existing external identity provider. To avoid login issues, use the same group name and identity provider name configured for the identity provider. 
```

To add the user group to the corresponding profile in API Experience Hub:

. From the *User groups* page, select a group.
. In the *External IdP groups* tab, click *+ Add group mapping*.
. Enter the group name and select an Salesforce identity provider name.
. Click *Save*.

=== View APIs That User Groups Can See

> View the APIs that are visible by a user group for portal members and also the APIs assigned only to a user group. The *APIs visible to the user group* tab shows all of the APIs that members of the portal can see.  

Reviewer: To view.... :

. From the *User groups* page, select a user group.

> . Select the *APIs visible to the user group* tab.

Reviewer: This is a really long UI label!

Author: I suggested APIs visible to user group, but dev won't have time to fix for release.

> . To see APIs assigned to the group only, move the *Show only APIs assigned to this group* slider to on.

Reviewer: See the [SF guidelines](https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/x/RQWGC) for how to handle toggles.

To view or change an API's visibility, see xref:managing-apis.adoc#make-api-versions-visible[Make API Versions Visible].

=== Delete Identity Provider Groups

> Remove the external identity provider groups that you don't need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the external identity provider groups that you don't need:
```

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

View and manage users, access requests from guest users, create and manage user groups, and manage how users login. Users can self-register for your portal by default. 

== Manage Portal Members
Manage portal members using the *Portal members* page. When a guest user's registration is approved, the user's name is added to the list of members. You can view a searchable list of current members and manage their accounts by enabling or disabling them and adding them to user groups.

=== View and Search for Members 
Find members by entering the member's name or email address in the *Search by name or email* box. 

=== Enable or Disable Access to Your Portal
When a user's access to the portal is approved in the *Pending registration requests* page, the *Enable portal access* slider is enabled in the *Portal members* page. Disable a user's access by moving the slider to off.

=== Assign Members to User Groups
Assign users to user groups to manage which APIs they can see in your portal. You can assign a user to multiple user groups.

> . From the *Portal members* page, locate the member's name in the list and click *Assign user group*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the *Portal members* page, locate the member's name in the list and click *View and assign user groups*.
```

. Select one or more user groups to assign to the member and click *Apply*.

=== Change a Member's User Groups 
You can change which user groups a member is assigned to.

> . From the *Portal members* page, locate the member's name in the list and click *Assign user group*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the *Portal members* page, locate the member's name in the list and click *View and assign user groups*.
```
